So, in this nano degree,
we covered a few error functions,
but there are a bunch of other error functions around the world that made the shortlist,
but we didn't have time to study them.
So, here they are. These are the ones you met: there
is Mount Everest and Mount Kilimanjerror.
The ones you didn't meet: there is Mt.
Reinerror, he's a big Seahawks fan.
Straight from Italy, we got Mount Ves-oops-vius,
and my favorite, from Iceland,
we got the Eyjafvillajokull.
This is the famous volcano that stopped all the European flights back in 2012.
See what I did there is I took the original name which is
Eyjafjallajokull and then I changed the word Jalla to Villa,
which is Icelandic for error.